# Sprint-Review-and-Retro
CS-250 Final Project
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
When interpreting and implementing user needs into a program, it's essential to understand what the user/client is trying to achieve and the requirements; this can be done by implementing user interviews to understand their needs and concerns better and clarify any confusion. After understanding the users/client expectations, we can break it down and implement what we need into User Stories. User stories allow the team to understand the user's perspective and needs and create a program that fulfills those needs. It's also essential to keep the user involved throughout the development process, gathering feedback and making adjustments to ensure the final product meets their expectations. 

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
When approaching and developing programs, I start with a clear understanding of the problem I'm trying to solve, as it's essential to the process. This can involve researching, talking to stakeholders, getting to the heart of the issue, and understanding the needs and requirements for the project. From there, it's important to consider solutions and use agile processes like user story mapping, sprint planning, and continuous integration and delivery to ensure I build what the client wants. By staying focused on users' needs and being willing to iterate and adapt, the team and I can deliver great software that meets the needs of stakeholders.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member in software development means exhibiting technical skills, the desire to learn and grow, communication abilities, and an optimistic attitude. Collaboration and cooperation are essential while being open to feedback and willing to make suggestions. Good team members also understand the importance of meeting deadlines and delivering quality work. Additionally, they prioritize building strong relationships with their colleagues and fostering a positive team culture. Overall, being a good team member in software development requires a balance of personal growth, interpersonal skills, and a commitment to the success of the team as a whole.
